Add a note about replicated snapshots (#1833)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/install/uninstall.html.md

# Uninstall Terraform Enterprise

> If you installed Terraform Enterprise on VMWare instances, you may not be able to easily request new virtual machines for a broken or corrupted installation. Instead, you can use the `uninstall` script to remove Terraform Enterprise and all of its services (excluding Docker) from a system. This includes the Replicated snapshot directory - `/var/lib/replicated/snapshots`. If you have Replicated snapshots you wish to keep, please backup this directory prior to running the uninstall script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed Terraform Enterprise on VMWare instances, you may not be able to easily request new virtual machines for a broken or corrupted installation. Instead, you can use the `uninstall` script to remove Terraform Enterprise and all of its services (excluding Docker) from a system. This includes the Replicated snapshot directory - `/var/lib/replicated/snapshots`. If you have Replicated snapshots you wish to keep, please back up this directory before running the uninstall script.
```

	```
	$ sudo ./uninstall.sh 

> 	This script will completely uninstall Terraform Enterprise and Replicated on this system, as well as remove associated files. This includes the Replicated snapshot directory. Please back up /var/lib/replicated/snapshots if you wish to save those snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	This script will completely uninstall Terraform Enterprise and Replicated on this system, as well as remove associated files. This includes the Replicated snapshot directory. Please back up /var/lib/replicated/snapshots if you wish to save them.
```
